Update intranet-overview.md (#2070)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/intranet-overview.md

#### Build culture and community

> Help work groups connect and engage across your organization using Yammer. [Learn more about the Yammer Highlights and Yammer Conversations web parts](https://support.office.com/article/use-a-yammer-web-part-in-sharepoint-online-a53cfa0c-3d09-42c8-a286-1038a81c59da). Sometimes content needs to be delivered through video - like when organization-wide announcements are made or when senior leaders host a live event or when you want to provide examples on pages that provide instructions. [Microsoft Stream](https://support.office.com/article/Microsoft-Stream-Your-company-s-video-portal-c3240bd5-5f80-4fd0-a37d-7a3275605f3a) is your organization's own video site. To display video content, use the [Stream web part](https://support.office.com/article/Use-the-Stream-web-part-B97FA87C-1337-4271-A059-17F0D2B26E8B) on your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help workgroups connect and engage across your organization using Yammer. [Learn more about the Yammer Highlights and Yammer Conversations web parts](https://support.office.com/article/use-a-yammer-web-part-in-sharepoint-online-a53cfa0c-3d09-42c8-a286-1038a81c59da). Sometimes content needs to be delivered through video - like when organization-wide announcements are made or when senior leaders host a live event or when you want to provide examples on pages that provide instructions. [Microsoft Stream](https://support.office.com/article/Microsoft-Stream-Your-company-s-video-portal-c3240bd5-5f80-4fd0-a37d-7a3275605f3a) is your organization's own video site. To display video content, use the [Stream web part](https://support.office.com/article/Use-the-Stream-web-part-B97FA87C-1337-4271-A059-17F0D2B26E8B) on your site.
```

Reviewer: "Workgroups" should be one word.
